Changes for all items:
    0.    The heavy core used to craft the custom items is already in the game. Put that one in the crafting recipe of the custom ones instead of the renamed netherite ingot.
    0.    Each items have 2 abilities, so should show 2 different cooldowns at the same time on the player’s screen.
    0.    When each item is crafted, a message will be shown in chat. “Player has crafted the custom item.”
    0.    Once the amount of custom items crafted exceed the limit, when a player tries to craft it, a message will show on their screen saying that they can’t craft it anymore.
    0.    When a custom item leaves your inventory, you don’t retain its abilities.
    0.    Doing the command /withdrawability name of custom item will remove the ability from the player(if they have it).
    0.    You cannot put the custom items into any chests or container of sorts.
    0.    All custom items cannot be burnt from lava and fire.


Fire Fragment:
    0.    Both abilities don’t negate armor.
    0.    /fire 1 destroys blocks with the fire ball.

Immortal Fragment:
    0.    Immortal Fragment is meant to prevent you from dying. Basically acting like the totem of undying in minecraft.

Corrupted Core:
    0.    Doesn’t give you night vision infinitely, instead it gives you infinite strength 2.
    0.    /corrupt 1 doesn’t freeze the player when you hit them.
    0.    /corrupt 2 doesn’t do the life steal ability when the wielder hits another entity for the duration of 15 seconds.



Agility Fragment:
    0.    Doesn’t fulfill both abilities that it was supposed to do.
    •    Abilities:
    •    /agile 1:
    •    Dashes the player 20 blocks in the direction they are looking within 1.5 seconds. Negates damage while flying and landing.
    •    Cooldown: 45 seconds.
    •    /agile 2:
    •    Pushes all players in an 8 block radius 20 blocks away from the wielder within 2 seconds and applies slow falling to enemies for 10 seconds.
    •    Cooldown: 2 minutes.



